Add fxoptional component (#21625)
DataDog/datadog-agent: docs/components/defining-components.md

  Is the channel buffered?
  What happens if the channel is not read from quickly enough, or if reading stops?
  Can the channel be closed by the sender, and if so, what does that mean?

## Optional component

> Some components are enabled based on an Agent config flag. 
> Using fxoptional.Component is the recommended solution as it makes it explicit that the component may not be present. See fxoptional.Component for an example how to use it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some components are enabled with an Agent configuration flag. To explicitly indicate that a component is optional and may not be available, use `fxoptional.Component`. See `fxoptional.Component` for an example of how to use it.
```
